[CIRCLE-37827] Add documentation for `runner.mode` (#5721)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/runner-installation.adoc

This directory enables you to control the working directory cleanup after each job. The default value is `false`.

==== runner.mode

> This parameter allows you to specifiy whether you want to terminate this runner instance upon completion of a job (single-task) or to continuosly poll for new available jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter allows you to specify whether you want to terminate this runner instance upon completion of a job (single-task) or to continuously poll for new available jobs.
```
